API endpoint for scheduling asset (#1065)
FlexMeasures/flexmeasures: documentation/tut/forecasting_scheduling.rst

    https://company.flexmeasures.io/api/v3_0/sensors/<id>/schedules/<uuid>

Here, the schedule's Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) should be filled in that is returned in the `[POST] /schedules/trigger <../api/v3_0.html#post--api-v3_0-assets-(id)-schedules-trigger>`_ response.
Schedules can be queried by their UUID for up to 1 week after they were triggered (ask your host if you need to keep them around longer).
Afterwards, the exact schedule can still be retrieved through the `[GET] /sensors/data <../api/v3_0.html#get--api-v3_0-sensors-data>`_, using precise filter values for ``start``, ``prior`` and ``source``.
Besides the UUID, the endpoint for retrieving schedules takes a sensor ID, which is the sensor ID of one of the power sensors that was referenced in the flex-model.

.. note:: If a ``state-of-charge`` sensor was referenced in the flex-model (like in the example below), the scheduled state of charge can be retrieved using the same endpoint and UUID, but then using the state-of-charge sensor ID.

          .. code-block:: json

              "flex-model": {
                  "sensor": 15,
                  "state-of-charge": {"sensor": 16}
              }

>           Simply replace the power sensor ID in the URL with the state-of-charge sensor ID when fetching the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          For instance, if the above flex model snippet represents the flex model which FlexMeasures knew when computing the schedule, then to fetch the schedule for the state of charge you simply replace the power sensor ID in the URL of this endpoint with the state-of-charge sensor ID.
```
